ACP-2601: How to embed Stripe App payment page to your storefront application (#2743)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/202404.0/base-shop/third-party-integrations/stripe/project-guidelines-for-stripe.md

For instructions on using payment details, like the payment reference, from Stripe, see [Retrieve and use payment details from third-party PSPs](https://docs.spryker.com/docs/pbc/all/payment-service-provider/{{page.version}}/base-shop/retrieve-and-use-payment-details-from-third-party-psps.html)

## Embed the Stripe payment page using iframe

By default, the Stripe App payment flow assumes that the payment page is on another domain. When a user places an order, they're redirected to the Stripe payment page. To improve the user experience, you can embed the Stripe payment page directly into your website as follows:

> 1. Create or update `PaymentConfig.php` (`Pyz\Zed\Payment\PaymentConfig`) on the project level with the following configuration:

Reviewer: Can it be `Pyz\Zed\Payment\PaymentConfig\PaymentConfig.php`?

Author: yes, in this case `src/Pyz/Zed/Payment/PaymentConfig.php`
```suggestion
1. Create or update `src/Pyz/Zed/Payment/PaymentConfig.php` with the following configuration:
```

```php
namespace Pyz\Zed\Payment;

class PaymentConfig extends \Spryker\Zed\Payment\PaymentConfig
{
    public function getStoreFrontPaymentPage(): string
    {        
        // Please make sure that domain is whitelisted in the config_default.php `$config[KernelConstants::DOMAIN_WHITELIST]`
        return '/payment'; //or any other URL on your storefront domain e.g. https://your-site.com/payment-with-stripe
    }
}
```

In this setup, the redirect URL will be added as a `url` query parameter to the URL you've specified in the `getStoreFrontPaymentPage()` method; the value of the parameter is base64-encoded.

2. Create a page to render the Stripe payment page. Here's a minimal PHP example:

```php
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <title>Order payment page</title>
</head>
<body>
<iframe src="<?php echo base64_decode($_GET['url']) ?>" width="100%" height="700px" style="border:0"></iframe>
</body>
</html>
```

> If your Storefront is based on third-party frontend technologies, follow the documentation of your framework to create a page to render the Stripe payment page using query parameters from the redirect URL provided in the Glue API `POST /checkout` response.

Reviewer: If I'm using a third-party frontend, do I need to do steps 3-6?

Author: no, not needed, it's only for Yves
